i'm here on Summerson island in
event located about 100 miles
above the arctic circle and this
is my office
I love this place
the marshland but it's great
land it's not always easy if you
can brave the snow the ice and
cold temperatures
well you're gonna get amazing
reward
I'm here to photo identify
beluga whales they actually
congregate right behind me here
approximately 2,000 beluga
whales come here every summer to
Walter skin socialize raise
their young and it's just a big
political party
and hopefully with my photo
identification we can identify
the whales which returned to
somerset island every year and
their patterns in and out of the
bag
this is important because the
Northwest Passage is opening up
and will be poor ship traffic
and special places like this one
here forever so it's important
we started these whales and make
sure they're saying
good yep